hi I'm Don car and this is the MX our
stereo chorus the MX our stereo of
course is a classic sounding chorus unit
it's got a lot of flexibility and see
we've got some tone shaping options
let's dig in and take a look you can see
the controls are kind of blocked off in
two sections here this is more like the
EQ section and this section over here is
more like the actual coursing section
itself so for this you have the
intensity level you have a width control
which obviously controls the width of
the chorus and the rate which is the
speed of the course and intensity is
more like a level control how much
course versus the unaffected signal and
over here you have a bass and treble
control that's just on the modulate as
part of the signal itself that's just on
the coursing and here you have a bass
switch which is really interesting
I had it engaged it actually gives you
like a little extra base so you can take
that out if you want it I thought
playing by myself and it sounded really
appropriate couple other cool features
it's obviously a nice bright yellow
can't miss that on your crowded pedal
board on a dark stage there's also the
status indicator light which actually
blinks at the rate of the effect so you
can see I've got it cranked up there got
the rate cranked up blinking faster
blinking slower very handy on it again
on a dark stage and you've got an LED
that lets you know you have power and
speaking of power this is an 18 volt
pedal so you can run it with two 9-volt
batteries or the included 18 volt power
supply today I'm playing a PRS v 13
through a fender Princeton reverb amp
and here we are with the stereo chorus
bypassed
and here it is with the current settings
you can hear that it's a really nice
thick analog it's actually a bucket
brigade chip so that's got that really
thick analog sound let's pull out this
base contour switch you can hear what
that sounds like and here it is engaged
again
so here are much more pronounced the
low-end is that's great in some
situations and in other situations
it'd be great to have it out like
especially in a track you know where
you've already got plenty of stuff going
on low-end and you just want to clean it
up and further EQ control just on the
modulated section you know you have bass
and treble control you'll hear the
interesting thing about that is that it
actually affects the intensity the
effect as well so here we go check it
out
you can hear as you turn up the EQ you
actually get like more coursing effect
and again these three knobs are actually
for the course effect we'll start with
the intensity control all the way down
and the same with the width
you can hear that actually changes the
intensity of the wave that's exactly
what's going on is it's you know more
pronounced at the peaks in the valleys
and finally the rate control in fact
I'll put a little more intensity and
width on it so it's a little more
obvious
you
so a lot of great flexibility throughout
the entire range of the pedal every knob
I mean really makes a huge difference so
there you go
the mxr stereo chorus very cool if you
have any questions about this or any
other mxr product please make sure you
contact your Sweetwater sales engineer
Thanks
and
you